Typo, URL and formatting in the build instructions (#38101)
qgis/QGIS: INSTALL.md

```

When you run ccmake (note the .. is required!), a menu will appear where
you can configure various aspects of the build:

> * If you want QGIS to have debugging capabilities then set CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE to Debug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you want QGIS to have debugging capabilities then set `CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE` to `Debug`.
```

* If you do not have root access or do not want to overwrite existing QGIS

>   installs (by your package manager for example), set the CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  installs (by your package manager for example), set the `CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX`
```

>   to somewhere you have write access to (I usually use ${HOME}/apps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to somewhere you have write access to (For example `${HOME}/apps`).
```

### 3.11.1. Install build dependencies

|Install command for dependencies|

> |--------------------------------|

Reviewer: Does it help if this is a table?

Author: Unlike the code format, my thought is that you don't have to scroll to (try to) read the full list (if ever this is of any interest)

The free (as in free beer) Community installer is available under:

> https://download.microsoft.com/download/D/2/3/D23F4D0F-BA2D-4600-8725-6CCECEA05196/vs_community_ENU.exe

Author: Is it a writing convention to not provide the URL as part of the ongoing paragraph but as a new one?

Reviewer: I'd actually rewrite to.

Download the [free (as in beer) Community installer](https://download.microsoft.com/download/D/2/3/D23F4D0F-BA2D-4600-8725-6CCECEA05196/vs_community_ENU.exe).

| Tool |Website|
|---------------|---------------|

> |CMake |https://cmake.org/files/v3.12/cmake-3.12.3-win64-x64.msi|

Reviewer: Also, I think it'd be better to replace the table with a list:

 - [CMake](https://cmake.org/files/v3.12/cmake-3.12.3-win64-x64.msi)
 ....

### 4.2.10. Compilation and installation

```cmd

>      make

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Not required

We're going to use precompiled binaries. Use the link below for download:

> http://wwwmaster.postgresql.org/download/mirrors-ftp?file=%2Fbinary%2Fv8.2.4%2Fwin32%2Fpostgresql-8.2.4-1-binaries-no-installer.zip

Reviewer: This link is broken. And postgres 8.2 is very outdated.
Not sure how we can make this section more future proof and less "maintenance heavy".

Author: Do we actually need this whole section [4.3 Creation of MSYS environment for compilation of QGIS](https://github.com/qgis/QGIS/blob/master/INSTALL.md#43-creation-of-msys-environment-for-compilation-of-qgis)? We provide an archive of msys at  [4.2.1. MSYS](https://github.com/qgis/QGIS/blob/master/INSTALL.md#421-msys) and knowing that we claim [few lines above (4.2)](https://github.com/qgis/QGIS/blob/master/INSTALL.md#42-building-using-mingw) that building the msys/minGW way is not the preferred road.
IOW do we need to provide ways to do everything from scratch, at the risk of having long and outdated instructions, while we already provide the necessary bricks?

Reviewer: I am very open to removing outdated sections (which have been proven that they are not maintained in years)

Reviewer 2: The msys instructions are unmaintained - and the link to the msys.zip is broken too.

Author: @jef-n Any pointer to the new link? I looked into https://download.osgeo.org/ with no success; Or do we no longer provide the msys.zip? In which case the only instruction we should keep would be the one suggesting Visual Studio?
